README.md, before:

# Apache Hadoop 2.7.1 Docker image with Kerberos enabled

This project is a fork from (sequenceiq hadoop-docker)[https://github.com/sequenceiq/hadoop-docker] 
and extends it with Kerberos enabled. With docker-compose 2 containers get
created, one with MIT KDC installed and one with a single node kerberized
Hadoop cluster.


Run image
---------

Clone the project and run docker-compose

```
docker-compose up -d
```


JDK 8
-----

Make sure you use download a JDK version that is still available. Old versions can be deprecated by Oracle and thus the download link won't be able anymore.

Get the latest JDK8 Download URL with

```
curl -s https://lv.binarybabel.org/catalog-api/java/jdk8.json
```

Java Keystore
-------------

If the Keystroe has been expired, then create a new `keystore.jks`:

1. create private key

```
openssl genrsa -des3 -out server.key 1024
```

2. create csr

```
openssl req -new -key server.key -out server.csr`
```

3. remove passphrase in key
```
cp server.key server.key.org
openssl rsa -in server.key.org -out server.key
```

3. create self-signed cert
```
openssl x509 -req -days 365 -in server.csr -signkey server.key -out server.crt
```

4. create JKS and import certificate
```
keytool -import -keystore keystore.jks -alias CARoot -file server.crt`
```

Commit message:

update readme with known issues

README.md, after:

# Apache Hadoop 2.7.1 Docker image with Kerberos enabled

This project is a fork from (sequenceiq hadoop-docker)[https://github.com/sequenceiq/hadoop-docker] 
and extends it with Kerberos enabled. With docker-compose 2 containers get
created, one with MIT KDC installed and one with a single node kerberized
Hadoop cluster.


Run image
---------

Clone the project and run docker-compose

```
docker-compose up -d
```

Known issues
------------

### Nodemanger does not start
Nodemanager does not start as glibc 2.14 is not enabled in RHEL 6. There is an open ticket at (Hortonworks community)[https://community.hortonworks.com/questions/109015/can-not-start-nodemanager-in-kerberos-secure-mode.html]

### JDK 8

Make sure you use download a JDK version that is still available. Old versions can be deprecated by Oracle and thus the download link won't be able anymore.

Get the latest JDK8 Download URL with

```
curl -s https://lv.binarybabel.org/catalog-api/java/jdk8.json
```

### Java Keystore

If the Keystroe has been expired, then create a new `keystore.jks`:

1. create private key

```
openssl genrsa -des3 -out server.key 1024
```

2. create csr

```
openssl req -new -key server.key -out server.csr`
```

3. remove passphrase in key
```
cp server.key server.key.org
openssl rsa -in server.key.org -out server.key
```

3. create self-signed cert
```
openssl x509 -req -days 365 -in server.csr -signkey server.key -out server.crt
```

4. create JKS and import certificate
```
keytool -import -keystore keystore.jks -alias CARoot -file server.crt`
```
